# Angular-Polymer-Seed

This is a production level application boilerplate which combines both angular and polymer to build web applications or sites. 

This boilerplate is built with many computer science methodologies such as design patterns, modularity, unit testing and many more.

The boilerplate comes with unique grunt tasks to create new angular modules which creates files, folders and unit tests with one command. Everything gets hooked in to the project to save setup time.

###  Features 

* App level framework (Angular).
* Decoupled modularity via angular.
* Modular styles via LESS. Each angular module has its own style file.
* App service layer (angular).
* Decoupled component architecture via polymer.
* Polymer components have their parts abstracted.
* Grunt Automatically vulcanises all polymer components and adds it to the projects index.html
* Live reload when files are modified.
* A node server architecture to allow to local mock services and also production level routing and services.
* Grunt task to ready files for distribution.
* Modular Grunt tasks for re-usability.


## Installation 

```
npm install -g bower  
npm install -g grunt-cli  
npm install -g polybuild  
npm install
bower install
grunt install
```

`npm install -g polybuild` is for polymer vulcanization process
`grunt install` is to install npm modules for modular grunt tasks

## Folder Structure

**/App** - Contains development source code. This is where you will work on the app.  
**/App/js/** - js files in the root of this folder are auto-generated.  
**/App/js/src/** - This is where your angular modules will be created and you'll develop.  
**/App/js/libs/** - Add your library files in here but place them into a folder within this folder.  
**/App/js/libs/libs.js** - This is auto-generated. Contains all library files.   
**/App/js/components/** - This folder is for polymer components. This is maintained by grunt. It will add any resource files required by a polymer component.  
**/App/js/style/** - This folder contains LESS files for the app as a whole and the css file which gets generated by LESS.  


## Development

```
grunt dev
```


## Grunt Tasks

|Task | Description  |
|---|---|
|`grunt install` | This task will register all the tasks found in `config.json` and install all the required npm modules inside each task. |
| `grunt help` | This will list the available tasks in grunt. |
| `grunt serve` | This will launch a server.
